fern/docs/pages/platform/agents/in-depth-overview/agent-deploy.mdx, before:

Once you have a agent set up, you can use it directly in Credal, or deploy it to Slack or other tools through the API. You can set up a deployment in the “Deploy” tab.

### a. Credal UI

To let other people at your organization use your agent, use this toggle.

![enable_agent_in_credal_ui](/docs/assets/copilots/enable_copilot_in_credal_ui.png)

The agent will now be available for everyone at your organization to chat with:

![chat_with_agent.png](/docs/assets/copilots/chat_with_copilot.png)

### b. Slack

To deploy a agent through Slack, simply use the below toggle to turn on Slack deployments and select the channel(s) you want to deploy it to.

![slack_deployment_toggle.png](/docs/assets/copilots/slack_deployment_toggle.png)

You can choose to have your agent answer all messages in a given channel or only those that meet certain criteria:

![slack_deployment_settings_all_messages.png](/docs/assets/copilots/slack_deployment_settings_all_messages.png)

![slack_advanced_filter_settings.png](/docs/assets/copilots/slack_advanced_filter_settings.png)

- **All messages**: will answer all queries in the connected Slack channel.
- **All relevant messages**: will respond to all queries matching the description of the agent.
- **All messages matching filter**: will respond to messages that match the filter criteria.  
  In the example on the left, the agent will only respond to prompts containing “?”.

If more than one agent is deployed to a given Slack channel, Credal will triage user requests based on the description of each agent to determine which, if any, should answer the question.

### b-2. Slack Private Channels

Deploying into a private channel in Slack is exactly the same as deploying into a public one, but with one extra step — the Credal integration must be added to the channel first.

First, click into the channel in Slack, and then click on the channel name over the top.  
In the screenshot below, this is the button called “credal-founders” (this is the name of an example private channel. Your button will have the name of your private channel):

![channel_name_in_slack.png](/docs/assets/copilots/channel_name_in_slack.png)

When you do that, you will see the below screen — click the integrations tab as shown below:

![integrations.png](/docs/assets/copilots/integrations.png)

Finally, you should see an option to **Add apps to `YOUR CHANNEL NAME`**.  

Search for [Credal.ai](http://Credal.ai) and then click “Add”:

![add_apps_to_channel.png](/docs/assets/copilots/add_apps_to_channel.png)

### c. API

You can connect your agent to other applications or build your own tools that route queries to your agent through a unique API. Use the toggle to enable API access and generate a agent API key.  
See our [API documentation](https://docs.credal.ai/api-reference/copilots) for more information on implementation.

![enable_agent_api_access.png](/docs/assets/copilots/enable_copilot_api_access.png)

### d. Custom Slack Apps (Branding, Name, Profile Picture)

Credal supports custom Slack Apps, commonly known as Slack "bots", for your individual Agent.  
Although the process is a little more involved than using the simple “Deploy Agent to Slack” button, it does give you some additional benefits, such as:

- The ability for users to DM the bot directly.
- The ability to upload custom images, icons, slash commands, etc. in Slack.

To learn how to do this, see the documentation for [Creating a custom SlackApp in Credal](https://www.notion.so/Credal-Co-Pilots-Slack-App-Manifest-1c36c60bfc9345148e9a087c00cc2e89?pvs=21).

Contact your Credal team for help with setup.

Commit message:

Update the agents in-depth section

fern/docs/pages/platform/agents/in-depth-overview/agent-deploy.mdx, after:

Once you have a agent set up, you can use it directly in Credal, or deploy it to Slack or other tools through the API. You can set up a deployment in the “Deploy” tab.

### a. Credal UI

To use a agent in Credal, select your agent by clicking *Select Agent* in the chat menu.

![agent-select.png](/docs/assets/agents/create-steps/agent-select.png)

This will open a popup where you can select your desired agent.
![agent-credal-emp-assistant.png](/docs/assets/agents/create-steps/agent-credal-emp-assistant.png)

The agent will now be available for everyone at your organization to chat with:
![agent-ready-to-chat.png](/docs/assets/agents/create-steps/agent-ready-to-chat.png)

### b. Slack

To deploy to Slack, toggle Slack Deployment **on** and select the target channels:

<Frame>
  <img src="/docs/assets/agents/create-steps/agent-slack-channel-deploy.png" />
</Frame>

If multiple agents are deployed to a single channel, Credal uses their descriptions to decide which one should respond.  
You can choose to have your agent answer all messages in a given channel or only those that meet certain criteria:

<Frame>
  <img src="/docs/assets/agents/create-steps/agent-slack-configure.png" />
</Frame>

- **All messages**: will answer all queries in the connected Slack channel.
- **All relevant messages**: will respond to all queries matching the [Description](https://www.notion.so/Getting-Started-With-AI-Copilots-171cfe73b8df496a9db29f60046eaf06?pvs=21) of the agent.
- **All messages matching filter**: will respond to messages that match the filter criteria. In the example in the screenshot, the agent will only respond to prompts containing “?”.

<Frame>
  <img src="/docs/assets/agents/create-steps/agent-slack-trigger-dropdown.png" />
</Frame>

<Frame>
  <img src="/docs/assets/agents/create-steps/relevant-slack-filter.png" />
</Frame>

If more than one agent is deployed to a given Slack channel, Credal will triage user requests based on the Description of each agent to determine which, if any, should answer the question.


### b-2. Slack Private Channels

Deploying into a private channel in Slack is exactly the same as deploying into a public one, but with one extra step — the Credal integration must be added to the channel first.

First, click into the channel in Slack, and then click on the channel name over the top.  
In the screenshot below, this is the button called “credal-founders” (this is the name of an example private channel. Your button will have the name of your private channel):

![channel_name_in_slack.png](/docs/assets/agents/create-steps/channel_name_in_slack.png)

When you do that, you will see the below screen — click the integrations tab as shown below:

![integrations.png](/docs/assets/agents/create-steps/integrations.png)

Finally, you should see an option to **Add apps to `YOUR CHANNEL NAME`**.  

Search for [Credal.ai](http://Credal.ai) and then click “Add”:

![add_apps_to_channel.png](/docs/assets/agents/create-steps/add_apps_to_channel.png)

### c. API

You can connect your agent to other applications or build your own tools that route queries to your agent through a unique API. Use the toggle to enable API access and generate a agent API key.  
See our [API documentation](https://docs.credal.ai/api-reference/copilots) for more information on implementation.

![agent-deploy-web-UI.png](/docs/assets/agents/create-steps/agent-deploy-web-UI.png)

### d. Custom Slack Apps (Branding, Name, Profile Picture)

Credal supports custom Slack Apps, commonly known as Slack "bots", for your individual Agent.  
Although the process is a little more involved than using the simple “Deploy Agent to Slack” button, it does give you some additional benefits, such as:

- The ability for users to DM the bot directly.
- The ability to upload custom images, icons, slash commands, etc. in Slack.

To learn how to do this, see the documentation for [Creating a custom SlackApp in Credal](https://www.notion.so/Credal-Co-Pilots-Slack-App-Manifest-1c36c60bfc9345148e9a087c00cc2e89?pvs=21).

Contact your Credal team for help with setup.
