fern/docs/pages/platform/agents/configure-steps/connectors/overview.mdx, before:

# Connectors

Connectors allow you to integrate the systems you use in your day-to-day work with Credal, enabling agents to interact with them seamlessly.

## What You Can Connect

- **[Indexed Data](/user-guide/platform/agent-builder/configuration/add-connectors/data)** – Sync and search your data sources
  - Best for fast semantic responses
  - Data is synced nightly

- **[Actions](/user-guide/platform/agent-builder/configuration/add-connectors/actions)** – Dynamically interact with your connected systems
  - Best for live data extraction and writing to your systems in real time
  - Supports human-in-the-loop workflows
  - May have slightly higher latency

- **MCP Servers** – Integrate Model Context Protocol servers
  - Connect third-party MCP servers instantly
  - **Build your own custom MCP servers** directly in Credal on top of your data—define custom parameters, descriptions, and logic to tailor exactly how agents interact with your systems

- **[Document Collections](/user-guide/platform/agent-builder/configuration/add-connectors/document-collections)** – Curated sets of data for specific use cases
  - Curate data for a particular function
  - Use AI entity extraction to enable granular filtering by date ranges, account names, concepts, and more

- **Manually Uploaded Documents** – Files that you can manually upload via the UI
  - Upload ad hoc files quickly
  - Access can be viewed and provisioned by admins in the Data Catalog

Commit message:

More Docs (#324)
* More Documentationm

* SPELLING

* Added documentation about agent ownershipcontent

* uhhh

* Update fern/docs/pages/platform/agents/configure-steps/connectors/saas.mdx

Co-authored-by: greptile-apps[bot] <165735046+greptile-apps[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

* Update fern/docs/pages/platform/agents/configure-steps/connectors/saas.mdx

Co-authored-by: greptile-apps[bot] <165735046+greptile-apps[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

---------

Co-authored-by: Xavier Warmerdam <xavierwarmerdam@xaviers-macbook-pro.tailb4694.ts.net>
Co-authored-by: greptile-apps[bot] <165735046+greptile-apps[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

fern/docs/pages/platform/agents/configure-steps/connectors/overview.mdx, after:

# Connectors

Connectors allow you to integrate the systems you use in your day-to-day work with Credal, enabling agents to interact with them seamlessly.

## What You Can Connect

- **[Indexed Data](/user-guide/platform/agent-builder/configuration/add-connectors/data)** – Sync and search your data sources
  - Best for fast semantic responses
  - Data is synced nightly

- **[Actions](/user-guide/platform/agent-builder/configuration/add-connectors/actions)** – Dynamically interact with your connected systems
  - Best for live data extraction and writing to your systems in real time
  - Supports human-in-the-loop workflows
  - May have slightly higher latency

- **MCP Servers** – Integrate Model Context Protocol servers
  - Connect third-party MCP servers instantly
  - **Build your own custom MCP servers** directly in Credal on top of your data—define custom parameters, descriptions, and logic to tailor exactly how agents interact with your systems

- **[Document Collections](/user-guide/platform/agent-builder/configuration/add-connectors/document-collections)** – Curated sets of data for specific use cases
  - Curate data for a particular function
  - Use AI entity extraction to enable granular filtering by date ranges, account names, concepts, and more

- **Manually Uploaded Documents** – Files that you can manually upload via the UI
  - Upload ad hoc files quickly
  - Document permissions can be modified by admins to provide access to anyone in the organization, or a subset of users
