fern/docs/pages/guides/agents/actions.mdx, before:

_This is a comprehensive in depth guide for Actions. If you’re just getting started, check out [Getting Started With AI Copilots](/getting-started/copilots/quick-start)._

Credal Actions allow users to create well defined actions that copilots can then use proactively in helping you as your personal assistants.

Some basic examples of actions are:

- Address Validation
- Updating Info on collaboration tools (Confluence, Google Drive)
- Consulting with other copilots

Actions are a powerful tool to make your copilots even stronger than they already are.

## **Action Templates**

_It’s helpful to have a good sense of what you want your actions to do from the start, so you can set it up to achieve its objectives._

To get started:

1. There is an open source directory of action templates which can help you create actions

2. Think of templates as the skeleton of your action, an example being a template to update confluence docs.

3. You can find the open source templates library here: https://github.com/Credal-ai/actions-sdk

Note: You can create custom actions to interface with your private internal systems using the "Fetch from an API or trigger a webhook" template and pasting an OpenAPI spec!

## 1. **Creating Your First Action**

1. To create your first action go to the actions tab on the left sidebar

2. Then click the `Create New Action` button on the top right of the page

![copilot_actions_button](/docs/assets/actions/create-action.png)

3. Fill in the necessary information about your action including the template (note templates are updated regularly so check back often)

![copilot_actions_dialog](/docs/assets/actions/create-action-dialog.png)

## 2. **Configuring your Action**

1. In this example we selected the `Validate Address on Google Maps` action, now we can see how to configure it.

2. The beauty of actions is that it will try to resolve parameters for you, if you know the fields you'd want to use you can enter them in

3. Go through the parameters list and see what you'd like to hardcode, give options for the AI to decide, or leave up to the AI

![copilot_actions_params](/docs/assets/actions/action-params.png)

**Note:** This specific action hits the Google Maps API

## 3. **Human Governance**

1. You can set your actions to automatically run or require user approval to run (in case it's a sensitive action)

2. This can be toggled with the Human Governance Toggle

![copilot_actions_governance](/docs/assets/actions/action-governance.png)

3. When enabled any action invocation will require your approval before moving forward. This will show up in your conversation as a modal

![copilot_actions_governance_modal](/docs/assets/actions/governance-modal.png)

## 4. **Connecting Copilots With Actions**

1. Before you can use your action in a copilot you need to publish your action. In the action page, in the top left, click Actions -> Publish Action

![copilot_action_publish](/docs/assets/actions/action-publish.png)

2. A copilot can have any number of actions it's connected to, to connect an action to a copilot go to the copilots page

3. Select the copilot you'd like to connect an action to

![copilots_table](/docs/assets/copilots/copilot-collaboration/copilots-table.png)

4. Navigate to the Actions tab and search for the action you'd like to connect

![copilot_actions_select](/docs/assets/actions/select-action.png)

5. You can connect any action automatically, however any copilot connection action will require approval: [Read more here](/getting-started/actions/copilot-collaboration)

6. Now your copilot can call on actions! It will do this automatically if it's the best action to take

## 5. Contact Support

Actions are a powerful tool to make your copilots even stronger than they already are.
They're a new tool so if you have any questions or need help feel free to reach out to us at contact support@credal.ai.

Commit message:

copilot -> agent naming (#176)
* all owrding is changed

* rename file

* new collection description

---------

Co-authored-by: Ria Balli <ria@credal.ai>

fern/docs/pages/guides/agents/actions.mdx, after:

_This is a comprehensive in depth guide for Actions. If you’re just getting started, check out [Getting Started With AI Agents](/getting-started/agents/quick-start)._

Credal Actions allow users to create well defined actions that agents can then use proactively in helping you as your personal assistants.

Some basic examples of actions are:

- Address Validation
- Updating Info on collaboration tools (Confluence, Google Drive)
- Consulting with other agents

Actions are a powerful tool to make your agents even stronger than they already are.

## **Action Templates**

_It’s helpful to have a good sense of what you want your actions to do from the start, so you can set it up to achieve its objectives._

To get started:

1. There is an open source directory of action templates which can help you create actions

2. Think of templates as the skeleton of your action, an example being a template to update confluence docs.

3. You can find the open source templates library here: https://github.com/Credal-ai/actions-sdk

Note: You can create custom actions to interface with your private internal systems using the "Fetch from an API or trigger a webhook" template and pasting an OpenAPI spec!

## 1. **Creating Your First Action**

1. To create your first action go to the actions tab on the left sidebar

2. Then click the `Create New Action` button on the top right of the page

![agent_actions_button](/docs/assets/actions/create-action.png)

3. Fill in the necessary information about your action including the template (note templates are updated regularly so check back often)

![agent_actions_dialog](/docs/assets/actions/create-action-dialog.png)

## 2. **Configuring your Action**

1. In this example we selected the `Validate Address on Google Maps` action, now we can see how to configure it.

2. The beauty of actions is that it will try to resolve parameters for you, if you know the fields you'd want to use you can enter them in

3. Go through the parameters list and see what you'd like to hardcode, give options for the AI to decide, or leave up to the AI

![agent_actions_params](/docs/assets/actions/action-params.png)

**Note:** This specific action hits the Google Maps API

## 3. **Human Governance**

1. You can set your actions to automatically run or require user approval to run (in case it's a sensitive action)

2. This can be toggled with the Human Governance Toggle

![agent_actions_governance](/docs/assets/actions/action-governance.png)

3. When enabled any action invocation will require your approval before moving forward. This will show up in your conversation as a modal

![agent_actions_governance_modal](/docs/assets/actions/governance-modal.png)

## 4. **Connecting Agents With Actions**

1. Before you can use your action in a agent you need to publish your action. In the action page, in the top left, click Actions -> Publish Action

![agent_action_publish](/docs/assets/actions/action-publish.png)

2. A agent can have any number of actions it's connected to, to connect an action to a agent go to the agents page

3. Select the agent you'd like to connect an action to

![agents_table](/docs/assets/copilots/copilot-collaboration/copilots-table.png)

4. Navigate to the Actions tab and search for the action you'd like to connect

![agent_actions_select](/docs/assets/actions/select-action.png)

5. You can connect any action automatically, however any agent connection action will require approval: [Read more here](/getting-started/actions/agent-collaboration)

6. Now your agent can call on actions! It will do this automatically if it's the best action to take

## 5. Contact Support

Actions are a powerful tool to make your agents even stronger than they already are.
They're a new tool so if you have any questions or need help feel free to reach out to us at contact support@credal.ai.
