fern/docs/pages/platform/agents/deployment/overview.mdx, before:

# Use your Agents where you work

Credal is not going to lock you into a single chat client or provider. We want AI agents to power your work, *where you work*. Whether you want to automatically trigger an agent when a sales call finishes, schedule an agent to run every 3 hours, or have it interface conversationally with users in their platform of choice, we've got you covered.

This section will cover our current list of deployment options. This list is growing, and we would love to hear your input on something you want to do but don't see here today!

Current list of options:
* Deploy to a Slack channel or chat with an agent in a Slack DM 
* Deploy your agent via API
* Deploy your agent to other Credal agents
* Deploy your agent to be accessible through the Credal UI

Coming soon:
* Microsoft Teams
* MCP Agent access
* Deploy Credal agents as A2A agents
* Chrome Extension
* Popular chat clients (Gemini, ChatGPT, etc.)

---

Once you have an agent set up, you can use it directly in Credal, or deploy it to Slack or other tools through the API. You can set up a deployment in the “Deploy” tab.

### Deploying an Agent

Once your agent is configured, you can move it to the **Deploy** stage to make it available for use across your organization or in connected platforms (e.g., Slack, API, or other integrated tools).

---

#### 1. Deployment Options
In the **Deploy** tab, you can choose where your agent will be available. Toggle the relevant options based on your needs:

- **Deploy Agent to Web UI**  
  Makes the agent available in the Credal chat interface dropdown and via direct link.

- **Deploy Agent to other Agents**  
  Allows your agent to be accessible for collaboration with other agents.  
  *Note: User-level access policies do not apply here.*

- **Deploy Agent to Slack Channel(s)**  
  Enables deployment directly into specified Slack channels.

- **Deploy Agent over API**  
  Makes the agent accessible over API using the configured token(s).

![agent-deploy-page.png](/docs/assets/agents/agent-deploy-page.png)

---

#### 2. Publish and Manage Agents
After deployment, your agent will appear under **My Published** in the **Agents** list.
- From here, you can confirm the agent’s availability, see collaborators, creation date, and recent usage.
- Published agents can be redeployed or updated anytime from the **Deploy** tab.

![agent-draft-deploy.png](/docs/assets/agents/agent-draft-deploy.png)

Commit message:

[fern] Deploy tab -> Publish tab (#280)
* done

* done

---------

Co-authored-by: Ria Balli <ria@credal.ai>

fern/docs/pages/platform/agents/deployment/overview.mdx, after:

# Use your Agents where you work

Credal is not going to lock you into a single chat client or provider. We want AI agents to power your work, *where you work*. Whether you want to automatically trigger an agent when a sales call finishes, schedule an agent to run every 3 hours, or have it interface conversationally with users in their platform of choice, we've got you covered.

This section will cover our current list of publishing options. This list is growing, and we would love to hear your input on something you want to do but don't see here today!

Current list of options:
* Talk to your agent in Slack 
* Call your agent via API
* Become discoverable to other Agents and MCP Servers
* Chat with your Agent in the Web UI

Coming soon:
* Microsoft Teams
* Publish Credal agents as A2A agents
* Chrome Extension
* Popular chat clients (Gemini, ChatGPT, etc.)

---

Once you have an agent set up, you can use it directly in Credal, or publish it to Slack or other tools through the API. You can do this in the “Publish” tab.

### Publishing an Agent

Once your agent is configured, you can move it to the **Publish** stage to make it available for use across your organization or in connected platforms (e.g., Slack, API, or other integrated tools).

---

#### 1. Publishing Options
In the **Publish** tab, you can choose where your agent will be available. Toggle the relevant options based on your needs:

- **Chat with your Agent in the Web UI**  
  Makes the agent available in the Credal chat interface dropdown and via direct link.

- **Become discoverable to other Agents and MCP Servers**  
  Allows your agent to be accessible for collaboration with other agents.  
  *Note: User-level access policies do not apply here.*

- **Talk to your Agent in Slack**  
  Enables publishing directly into specified Slack channels.

- **Call your Agent via API**  
  Makes the agent accessible over API using the configured token(s).

![agent-deploy-page.png](/docs/assets/agents/agent-deploy-page.png)

---

#### 2. Publish and Manage Agents
After publishing, your agent will appear under **My Published** in the **Agents** list.
- From here, you can confirm the agent’s availability, see collaborators, creation date, and recent usage.
- Published agents can be unpublished or updated anytime from the **Publish** tab.

![agent-draft-deploy.png](/docs/assets/agents/agent-draft-deploy.png)
