fern/docs/pages/tutorials/it-security/overview.mdx, before:

# IT Security Management in Credal

IT Security teams are the backbone of any successful enterprise. They spend considerable time ensuring that employees have the resources they need to do great work. Much of this work involves fetching data from sensitive sources like Jamf Pro or Kandji and responding to user requests. We've heard from our customers that this process can be extremely time-consuming and tedious, and would benefit significantly from automation.

## The Use Case: User is locked out of their laptop

Let's say I'm part of the IT team at a medium-sized tech company and I handle requests for fetching FV2 recovery keys when users get locked out of their laptops. Every day, I'm tagged in the #it-support Slack channel a couple of times. For each request, I open Kandji or Jamf and query for the user's recovery key with 2 or 3 separate API calls. Then I DM the user with their FileVault recovery key.

## What makes this hard to automate?

The person kicking off the operation is the person who submitted the request. The person who can actually access Jamf or Kandji is me.

It is extremely important that data visible to the IT/Security team is not visible to end users. So whose credentials do we use? How do we guarantee that responses are safe as they leave the privileged context? How do we make sure users can’t see the output of sensitive API calls?

Let’s give this a go in Credal.

Commit message:

Improved IT Agent documentation (#258)
* Update overview.mdx

* Update overview.mdx

* Update kandji-connector.mdx

* Rename kandji-connector.mdx to triggering-automations.mdx

* Delete fern/docs/pages/tutorials/it-security/action-release-gate.mdx

* Update and rename creating-both-agents.mdx to use-data.mdx

* Create connect-to-jira.mdx

* Update docs.yml

* Update overview.mdx

* Update overview.mdx

* Update overview.mdx

* Update use-data.mdx

* Update connect-to-jira.mdx

* Update connect-to-jira.mdx

* Update connect-to-jira.mdx

* Update connect-to-jira.mdx

* Update connect-to-jira.mdx

* Update deploy-to-slack.mdx

* Update fern/docs/pages/tutorials/it-security/connect-to-jira.mdx

Co-authored-by: ellipsis-dev[bot] <65095814+ellipsis-dev[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>

* all images

* it sources

* no automations step

* done

* new owrkds

---------

Co-authored-by: ellipsis-dev[bot] <65095814+ellipsis-dev[bot]@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Ria Balli <ria@credal.ai>

fern/docs/pages/tutorials/it-security/overview.mdx, after:

# IT Security Agent

IT Security teams are the backbone of any successful enterprise. They spend considerable time ensuring that employees have the resources they need to do great work. Much of this work involves answering user questions using internal documentation, running IT automations to perform password resets,access grants,etc., and creating Jira tickets to track issues and deflection. This tutorial will walk you through how to build an Agent that can do all of these things automatically for users.

Our Ask IT Agent is going to be able to do 3 things

1. Call internal tooling to run automations
2. Answer complex questions using enterprise knowledge
3. Track user requests in Jira

We are going to use a combination of data sources, prompting, and actions to accomplish this. If you are a beginner or want a refresher on Agent building, see our [guide](https://docs.credal.ai/platform/agents/setting-up-an-agent) for starters.

We can start by creating the Agent and giving it a name and description.

![Create Agent](/docs/assets/it-security-use-cases/create-it-agent.png)
