fern/docs/pages/platform/actions/action-providers/custom-webhook.mdx, before:

# Fetch an API or Trigger a Webhook

## Step 1: Generate OpenAPI 3 Spec for the API Call

To get started, you need to create an OpenAPI 3 spec that describes the API you want to call. Follow the instructions below:

1. **Base URL**: Ensure that the `servers` field contains the base URL of the API you want to call.
2. **Security**: Include the security scheme for your API. Currently, we support:
   - **Basic Authentication**
   - **Bearer Token Authentication**
   - **API Key Authentication**
   For your API, ensure you add one of the following security schemes:
   - `Basic` (for Basic Authentication)
   - `Bearer` (for Bearer Token Authentication)
   - `apiKey` (for API Key Authentication)

3. **Paths**: The current functionality supports only the first path in your spec. Include the relevant API path under the `paths` field.

Here’s an example OpenAPI 3 spec for a hypothetical Google Address Validation API:

```yaml
openapi: "3.0.0"
info:
  title: "Google Address Validation API"
  description: "API for validating addresses using Google Maps Address Validation."
  version: "1.0.0"
servers:
  - url: "https://addressvalidation.googleapis.com/v1"
security:
  - apiKey: []
components:
  securitySchemes:
    apiKey:
      type: apiKey
      in: query
      name: key
paths:
  /validateAddress:
    post:
      summary: "Validate an address"
      operationId: "validateAddress"
      parameters:
        - name: "addressLines"
          in: query
          required: true
          schema:
            type: array
            items:
              type: string
          description: "Address lines."
        - name: "regionCode"
          in: query
          schema:
            type: string
          description: "Region code (e.g., 'US')."
        - name: "locality"
          in: query
          schema:
            type: string
          description: "City or locality."
        - name: "administrativeArea"
          in: query
          schema:
            type: string
          description: "State or province."
        - name: "postalCode"
          in: query
          schema:
            type: string
          description: "ZIP or postal code."
      responses:
        "200":
          description: "Address validation result."
        "400":
          description: "Bad request, likely due to invalid input."
        "401":
          description: "Unauthorized, invalid API key."
        "500":
          description: "Internal server error."
```

## Step 2: Paste Your Spec and Save

Once you have generated your OpenAPI spec, paste it into the required field in your tool.

- Ensure all required fields (like `base URL`, `security`, and `path`) are correctly filled.
- After pasting, hit “Save.”

## Step 3: Input Parameters and Keys

Once saved, the system will automatically detect the parameters and keys needed for your API call. These will appear below.

- Input the required parameters.
- Enter your **API Key** (or token, depending on the chosen security scheme) and lock it in.
- The system will encrypt and store your key in the backend, and it will no longer be visible after it's locked. You can only replace the key if needed.

## Step 4: Make the API Call

After inputting all parameters and locking your API key:

1. **Test the API Call**: You can now trigger the API call using the parameters you’ve provided.
2. **Review the Response**: Analyze the response returned by the API to ensure everything works as expected.

Commit message:

Add optional section for X-Credal-User header in API call instructions

fern/docs/pages/platform/actions/action-providers/custom-webhook.mdx, after:

# Fetch an API or Trigger a Webhook

## Step 1: Generate OpenAPI 3 Spec for the API Call

To get started, you need to create an OpenAPI 3 spec that describes the API you want to call. Follow the instructions below:

1. **Base URL**: Ensure that the `servers` field contains the base URL of the API you want to call.
2. **Security**: Include the security scheme for your API. Currently, we support:
   - **Basic Authentication**
   - **Bearer Token Authentication**
   - **API Key Authentication**
   For your API, ensure you add one of the following security schemes:
   - `Basic` (for Basic Authentication)
   - `Bearer` (for Bearer Token Authentication)
   - `apiKey` (for API Key Authentication)

3. **Paths**: The current functionality supports only the first path in your spec. Include the relevant API path under the `paths` field.

Here’s an example OpenAPI 3 spec for a hypothetical Google Address Validation API:

```yaml
openapi: "3.0.0"
info:
  title: "Google Address Validation API"
  description: "API for validating addresses using Google Maps Address Validation."
  version: "1.0.0"
servers:
  - url: "https://addressvalidation.googleapis.com/v1"
security:
  - apiKey: []
components:
  securitySchemes:
    apiKey:
      type: apiKey
      in: query
      name: key
paths:
  /validateAddress:
    post:
      summary: "Validate an address"
      operationId: "validateAddress"
      parameters:
        - name: "addressLines"
          in: query
          required: true
          schema:
            type: array
            items:
              type: string
          description: "Address lines."
        - name: "regionCode"
          in: query
          schema:
            type: string
          description: "Region code (e.g., 'US')."
        - name: "locality"
          in: query
          schema:
            type: string
          description: "City or locality."
        - name: "administrativeArea"
          in: query
          schema:
            type: string
          description: "State or province."
        - name: "postalCode"
          in: query
          schema:
            type: string
          description: "ZIP or postal code."
      responses:
        "200":
          description: "Address validation result."
        "400":
          description: "Bad request, likely due to invalid input."
        "401":
          description: "Unauthorized, invalid API key."
        "500":
          description: "Internal server error."
```

## Step 2: Paste Your Spec and Save

Once you have generated your OpenAPI spec, paste it into the required field in your tool.

- Ensure all required fields (like `base URL`, `security`, and `path`) are correctly filled.
- After pasting, hit “Save.”

### (Optional) Include X-Credal-User Header

If you check the **Include X-Credal-User header** box (visible under the spec input), the outbound request will include an `X-Credal-User` HTTP header whose value is the authenticated Credal user invoking the action (e.g. their email or user id). This is useful for:

- Downstream auditing / traceability (knowing which end user triggered the call).
- Applying per-user authorization in your receiving service.

If your target API does not expect or allow unknown custom headers, simply leave this box unchecked.

## Step 3: Input Parameters and Keys

Once saved, the system will automatically detect the parameters and keys needed for your API call. These will appear below.

- Input the required parameters.
- Enter your **API Key** (or token, depending on the chosen security scheme) and lock it in.
- The system will encrypt and store your key in the backend, and it will no longer be visible after it's locked. You can only replace the key if needed.

## Step 4: Make the API Call

After inputting all parameters and locking your API key:

1. **Test the API Call**: You can now trigger the API call using the parameters you’ve provided.
2. **Review the Response**: Analyze the response returned by the API to ensure everything works as expected.
