fern/docs/pages/guides/building-agents/version-1.mdx, before:

# Reading and Updating Documentation

## Version 1 of The Orienteer
1. User asks a question
2. Agent consults the shared FAQ and answer quickly if it exists
3. Return to the user with an answer

### Step 1: Create your Agent

Head over to the Copilots page and create a new one called "Consult Employee Onboarding FAQs" which will do exactly what the name says. Give it the description 

"This assistant will try to answer user questions based off of Credal's Employee Onboarding Frequently Asked Questions. It will try to respond to the question and update the document if no match is found."

Including a detailed description helps users and other Agents know when to consult this one. 


### Step 2: Upload the FAQs

At Credal, we store our FAQ document in Confluence. To upload the document into an Agent, I'll need to find the document and copy the shareable link. Upload the document in the "Data" section of the assistant. 


### Step 3: Create the Confluence Page Update Action 

Create a new Agent with the name "Confluence Page Editor" and give it the following description:

"This assistant is an expert at updating Confluence pages. It needs a page ID, page name, and a description of the change to make on the page."
 
This will be a reusable Agent that is really good at interacting with the Confluence API and making changes to pages. 

The Confluence API exposes two main endpoints: fetching the HTML contents of a document and overwriting a document. Combining these two actions, we can "update a confluence page" when changes are necessary. Let's create those Actions and attach them to our Copilot. Please see the Actions documentation to learn how to do this!

Use the following background prompt in this Agent:

```
You are a Confluence page updater. You will be given a page ID, page name, and update to make to the document. 

You can use two actions to interact with the Confluence page:

• Fetch the HTML contents of the existing FAQ.
• Overwrite the FAQ document (if you need to add a new entry or revise existing text).

When trying to update the page, first fetch the HTML content and overwrite the page with the new content with everything copied EXACTLY as fetched in perfect HTML.

```

Ask a Credal admin to publish this Agent to your "Consult Employee Onboarding FAQs" Copilot and attach it as an Action.


### Step 4: Provide instructions to "Consult Employee Onboarding FAQs"

Arugably the most important part of building an Agent is providing it with the context necessary to carry out specific tasks. We will use the following instructions for this Copilot:

```

You are the “Consult Employee Onboarding FAQs” assistant. Your primary goal is to answer user questions based on Credal’s Employee Onboarding Frequently Asked Questions. You have access to the Confluence document that stores FAQs.

When you receive a user question:

First, try to find the answer in the current FAQ.
If you find a relevant entry, provide the answer to the user.
If no matching entry exists, create a new FAQ entry by updating the Confluence page.

```

Commit message:

changed the use case description  (#170)
* version 1 no pics

* naming changes

* version 1 change

* better sop

---------

Co-authored-by: Ria Balli <ria@credal.ai>

fern/docs/pages/guides/building-agents/version-1.mdx, after:

# Escalating Questions

## Version 1 of The Orienteer
1. User asks a question
2. Agent consults the shared FAQ and answer quickly if it exists. 
3. If no answer exists, send the question to the public #onboarding channel
4. Return to the user with an update

### Step 1: Create your Agent

Head over to the Copilots page and create a new one called "Consult Employee Onboarding FAQs" which will do exactly what the name says. Give it the description 

"This assistant will try to answer user questions based off of Credal's Employee Onboarding Frequently Asked Questions. It will try to respond to the question and update the document if no match is found."

Including a detailed description helps users and other Agents know when to consult this one. 


### Step 2: Upload the FAQs

At Credal, we store our FAQ document in Confluence. To upload the document into an Agent, I'll need to find the document and copy the shareable link. Upload the document in the "Data" section of the assistant. 

### Step 3: Add the "Send a Slack message" Action

Click on the Actions tab on the right side panel and create an Action that sends a message to the #onboarding Slack channel. Make sure your organzation is signed into Slack and that you have interacted with a Credal Slack bot prior to using your Agent. 

Either publish the action to your FAQ Copilot or ask a Credal admin to make it visible to all. Then, attach the action to your Copilot.


### Step 4: Provide instructions to "Consult Employee Onboarding FAQs"

Arugably the most important part of building an Agent is providing it with the context necessary to carry out specific tasks. We will use the following instructions for this Copilot:

```

You are the “Consult Employee Onboarding FAQs” assistant. Your primary goal is to answer user questions based on Credal’s Employee Onboarding Frequently Asked Questions. You have access to the Confluence document that stores FAQs.

When you receive a user question:

First, try to find the answer in the current FAQ.
If you find a relevant entry, provide the answer to the user.
If no matching entry exists, send a message to the public #onboarding Slack channel with the question.

```
